military occupational specialty wheeled
vehicle mechanic if it moves on wheels
these soldiers help keep it moving
working on all types and sizes of
wheeled vehicles both diesel and multi
fuel for this the Army will train you to
adjust repair or replace components like
engines transmissions and transfers
stealing assemblies and hydraulic
cylinders you'll also train to use
different kinds of test equipment such
as multimeters gauges and other
digitized equipment you'll train as well
to use jacks pullers technical manuals
and schematic diagrams in addition
you'll be shown different kinds of gears
and what they do and train to repair
components by adjusting valves after
your initial entry training and advanced
individual training you'll work long
hours in the field day or night usually
in an automotive maintenance shop where
your duties may require you to repair
driveshafts replace seals and rings
adjust brake shoes fuel injectors and
pumps or replace bearings in addition
you may test drive vehicles to observe
indications of problems and you'll have
a toolbox with what's needed for the job
and when a wheeled vehicle breaks down
you may have to use rigging techniques
to recover it serving in this MOS can
help you transition from the military to
the civilian employment sector because
your skills in leadership teamwork and
problem-solving our skills and values in
demand by civilian employers this army
job is highly respected as a member of
the combined-arms team because they're
the soldiers who can be counted on to
keep the army role
military occupational specialty wheeled
vehicle mechanic